---
description: 'Last Updated: August 16, 2022'
---

# Terms and Conditions

**Please direct any inquires to:** [**help@meddao.xyz**](mailto:help@meddao.xyz)****

Please read these Terms of Service (the “**Terms**”) carefully because they govern your use of the MedDAO Discord Server (the “**Server**”), your interaction with MedDAO’s members and its services, requests for and the issuance of any NFT from MedDAO, requests for, issuance of, and/or the use of any MedDAO token (should one come to exist) or other digital asset transacted through or involving the Server or any person or organization referenced herein, and potential eligibility for and participation in any Knowledge Requests (“**KRs**”). These are collectively called the “**Services**.”

The term “you” as used herein refers to users of the Server and the Services, MedDAO members, or Third-Party Collaborators, it being acknowledged that any particular individual, person, entity, or organization may be acting at the same time or from time to time in relation to MedDAO, the Server, and/or the Services in any one, all, or any combination of these roles or capacities.

**WHEN YOU AGREE TO THESE TERMS, YOU ARE AGREEING (WITH LIMITED EXCEPTION) TO RESOLVE ANY DISPUTE BETWEEN YOU AND MEDDAO THROUGH BINDING, INDIVIDUAL ARBITRATION RATHER THAN IN COURT. PLEASE REVIEW CAREFULLY SECTIONS 16 “DISPUTE RESOLUTION” BELOW FOR DETAILS REGARDING ARBITRATION.  HOWEVER, IF YOU ARE A RESIDENT OF A JURISDICTION WHERE APPLICABLE LAW PROHIBITS ARBITRATION OF DISPUTES, THE AGREEMENT TO ARBITRATE IN SECTION 16 WILL NOT APPLY TO YOU BUT THE PROVISIONS OF SECTION 15 (GOVERNING LAW) WILL APPLY INSTEAD.**&#x20;

MedDAO is a decentralized global community and protocol with the primary mission of distributing medical knowledge without boundaries, barriers of intermediaries to drive adoption and awareness of decentralized healthcare, or Healthcare 3.0. This mission will be achieved through the Services, which involve the collective participation of our community of healthcare providers, patients and industry partners (legal, technology, research, etc.), and KRs, which are one of the proposed use cases for MedDAO, its members, its users, and its Third-Party Collaborators. At inception, the Server will support medical industry KRs. In the future, we plan to expand KR use cases to include legal, government, research and other areas developed by subDAOs. In addition to members and users, the Services will be available to third party entities, persons, or associations who may request or solicit a KR (“**Third Party Collaborators**”).&#x20;

To become a member, user, or Third-Party Collaborator, you may need to furnish us with your name, email address, blockchain address, applicable business entity, DAO, subDAO, organization, or unincorporated trust or association, along with if applicable your medical subspeciality, and if applicable national provider identifier (NPI) (the “**Eligibility Information**”).

1. **Agreement to Terms.** Please read these terms carefully. By using our Services or interacting with the Server, you or the person, entity, or organization you represent agree to be bound by these Terms. If you don’t agree to be bound by these Terms, stop and do not use the Services or interact with the Server.
2. **Privacy Policy.** Please review our Privacy Policy, which also governs your use of the Services, for information on how we collect, share, and interpret your information.
3. **Changes to these Terms or the Services.** We may update the Terms from time to time in our sole discretion. If we do, we’ll let you know by posting the updated Terms on the Server.. It’s important that you review the Terms whenever we update them or you use the Services. If you continue to use the Services after we have posted updated Terms it means that you accept and agree to the changes. If you don’t agree to be bound by the changes, you may no longer use the Services. Because our Services are evolving over time we may change or discontinue all or any part of the Services, at any time and without notice, at our sole discretion.&#x20;
4. **Access to the Services.** The Services may change from time to time as MedDAO evolves, refines, or adds more features to the Services. MedDAO reserves the right to modify, withdraw, or discontinue the Services, in whole or in part, at any time without notice to you. You agree that the MedDAO shall have no liability to you or any third party for any losses or damages caused by the Services not being available, in whole or in part, at any time or for any period.
5. **Who May Use the Services?**&#x20;
   * **(a)** The Services are only available to users in certain jurisdictions that we service who can use the Services as permitted under applicable law.  Without limitation, you must be at least 18 years of age to use the Services. The Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act requires that online service providers obtain parental consent before they knowingly collect personally identifiable information online from children who are under 13 years old. We do not knowingly endorse nor facilitate the collection of personally identifiable information from children under 13 years old. If you are a child under 13 years old, please do not attempt to register for the Services or send any personal information about yourself to us. If we learn we have collected personal information from a child under 13 years old, we will delete that information as quickly as possible and restrict access to the Services. If you believe that a child under 13 years old may have provided us personal information, please contact us. **You may not attempt to access or use the Services if you are not permitted to do so. By accessing the Services, you represent and warrant that you meet the foregoing eligibility criteria.**
   * **(b)** In order to protect the integrity of the Services, we reserve the right, at any time, in our sole discretion, to block access to the Services from certain IP addresses and unique device identifiers.&#x20;
6. **Intellectual Property Rights**
   * **(a) Ownership of Intellectual Property**. You acknowledge that all intellectual property rights, including copyrights, trademarks, trade secrets, and patents, in the Services, and their contents, features, and functionality (collectively, the “**Content**”), are owned by MedDAO, its licensors, members, users, Third-Party Collaborators or other providers of such material. The Content is protected by U.S. and international intellectual property or proprietary rights laws. Neither this Agreement nor your access to the Services nor membership in MedDAO transfers to you any right, title, or interest in or to such intellectual property rights. Any rights not expressly granted in this Agreement are reserved by MedDAO and its licensors.
   * **(b) License to Use the Services**. During the Term of this Agreement, MedDAO grants you a limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-sublicensable, and revocable license to use and access the Content for any personal, business or commercial use in accordance with the Terms and the privacy policy. The Content may not be used for any other purpose. This license will terminate upon your cessation of use of the Services or at the termination of the Term.
   * **(c) Certain Restrictions**. The rights granted to you herein are subject to the following restrictions:
     1. _No Copying or Distribution_. You shall not copy, reproduce, publish, display, perform, post, transmit, or distribute any part of the Content in any form or by any means except as expressly permitted herein or as enabled by a feature, product, or the Services when provided to you.
     2. _No Modifications_. You shall not modify, create derivative works from, translate, adapt, disassemble, reverse compile, or reverse engineer any part of the Content.
     3. _No Exploitation_. You shall not sell, license, sublicense, transfer, assign, rent, lease, loan, host, or otherwise exploit the Content or the Services in any way, whether in whole or in part.
     4. _No Altering of Notices_. You shall not delete or alter any copyright, trademark, or other proprietary rights notices from copies of the Content.
     5. _No Competition_. You shall not access or use the Content in order to build a similar or competitive website, product, or service.
     6. _Systematic Retrieval_. You shall not use any information retrieval system to create, compile, directly or indirectly, a database, compilation, collection or directory of the Content or other data from the Services.
   * **(d) Trademark Notice**. All trademarks, logos, and service marks displayed on the Services are the property of MedDAO, its members, its users, or Third-Party Collaborators o. You may not use such trademarks, logos, or service marks without the prior written consent of their respective owners.
7. **Assumption of Risk.** The information presented on or through the Services is made available for general information purposes only. MedDAO does not warrant the accuracy, completeness, suitability or quality of any such information, including but not limited to Eligibility Information. Any reliance on such information is strictly at your own risk. MedDAO disclaims all liability and responsibility arising from any reliance placed on such information by you or any other user to the Services, or by anyone who may be informed of any of its contents.
8. **About the Services.**&#x20;
   * **(a)** Our Services allow individuals to obtain Services reports from members and Third-Party Collaborators.  MedDAO does not engage its members or Third-Party Collaborators to perform any services and is not a party to any transaction or interaction between users and any Third-Party Collaborator. Aside from collecting certain Eligibility Information, MedDAO has not vetted, makes no representations concerning, does not control, and has no liability for any of its users interactions with its members or Third Party Collaborators. MedDAO does not control the services provided by its members or Third Party Collaborators, nor does MedDAO assume any responsibility for the accuracy or reliability of any information provided by its members or Third-Party Collaborators.  If any user, member, or Third-Party Collaborator elects to provide or share any health information, personal information, personal identifiers, and/or contact information, then such provision or sharing is voluntary, elected to be done by the person providing or sharing the information, and MedDAO is under no obligation to safeguard or otherwise protect such information. This information, if provided or shared, is done so voluntarily by the applicable user, member, or Third-Party Collabator at such person’s, entity’s, or organization’s own risk. Any transactions that you choose to engage in using traditional payment services or through the blockchain network governing the cryptocurrency wallet holding any digital asset are done by the party(ies) to that transaction and his, her, or its own risk. We are not responsible for your blockchain wallet, its interaction with members, users, Third-Party Collaborators, or other blockchain protocols, or the security of your blockchain wallet.
   * **(b) Third-Party Links and Ads.** The Services may contain links to Third Party-Collaborators, members, users, third-party websites, resources, and services, as well as advertisements (collectively, “**Third-Party Links**”). Third-Party Links are provided for your convenience only. MedDAO does not review, approve, monitor, endorse, warrant, or make any representations with respect to Third-Party Links. MedDAO has no control over the contents, products, or services of any Third-Party Link and accepts no responsibility for them or for any loss or damage that may arise from your use of them. If you decide to access any Third-Party Link, you do so entirely at your own risk and subject to the terms and conditions of use for such Third-Party Link. You should make whatever investigation you feel necessary or appropriate before proceeding with any transaction in connection with any Third-Party Link.
   * **(c) Tax Records and Reporting**. We reserve the right to report any activity occurring using the Services to relevant tax authorities as required under applicable law. You are solely responsible for maintaining all relevant tax records and complying with any reporting requirements you may have as related to our Services. You are further solely responsible for independently maintaining the accuracy of any record submitted to any tax authority including any information derived from the Services.
   * **(d) Regulatory and Compliance Suspensions or Terminations**.  We may update your membership, user, or Third-Party Collaborator status, suspend or terminate your access to the Services or the Server at any time in connection with any transaction as required by applicable law, any governmental authority, or if we in our sole and reasonable discretion determine you are violating the law, these Terms, the terms or policies of a member or the terms of any Third-Party Collaborator. Such update, suspension or termination shall not be considered a breach of these Terms by MedDAO. In accordance with its anti-money laundering, anti-terrorism, anti-fraud, medical and healthcare compliance, and other compliance policies and practices, we may impose reasonable limitations and controls on the ability of you or any beneficiary to utilize the Services.  Such limitations may include where good cause exists, rejecting requests or otherwise restricting you from using the Services.
9. **Feedback**. We appreciate feedback, comments, ideas, proposals and suggestions for improvements to the Services (“**Feedback**”). If you choose to submit Feedback, you agree that we are free to use it (and permit others to use it) without any restriction or compensation to you.&#x20;
10. **General Prohibitions and MedDAO’s Enforcement Rights**. You agree not to do any of the following:&#x20;
    * **(a)** cause or enable any illegal or fraudulent conduct associated with your use of the Server or the Services; and/or make or cause any misrepresentations to be made with respect to the information provided or maintained to obtain and/or use your the Server or the Services;
    * **(b)** Use, display, mirror or frame the Services or any individual element within the Services, MedDAO’s name, any MedDAO trademark, logo or other proprietary information, or the layout and design of any page or form contained on a page, without MedDAO’s express written consent;
    * **(c)** Access, tamper with, or use non-public areas of the Services, the Server,  MedDAO’s computer systems, or the technical delivery systems of MedDAO, its providers, its members, its users, or Third-Party Collaborators;
    * **(d)** Attempt to probe, scan or test the vulnerability of any MedDAO Server, system or network or breach any security or authentication measures;
    * **(e)** Avoid, bypass, remove, deactivate, impair, descramble or otherwise circumvent any technological measure implemented by MedDAO, its users, its members, its Third-Party Collaborators, or its other providers to protect the Services;
    * **(f)** Attempt to access or search the Server or Services or download content from the Server or Services using any engine, software, tool, agent, device or mechanism (including spiders, robots, crawlers, data mining tools or the like) other than the software and/or search agents provided by MedDAO;&#x20;
    * **(g)** Send any unsolicited or unauthorized advertising, promotional materials, email, junk mail, spam, chain letters or other form of solicitation;
    * **(h)** Use any meta tags or other hidden text or metadata utilizing a MedDAO trademark, logo, the Server, Services, URL or product name without MedDAO’s express written consent;
    * **(i)** Use the Services, or any portion thereof, for any commercial purpose or for the benefit of any third party, in any manner not permitted by these Terms; &#x20;
    * **(j)** Forge any TCP/IP packet header or any part of the header information in any email or newsgroup posting, or in any way use the Server or the Services to send altered, deceptive or false source-identifying information;&#x20;
    * **(k)** Attempt to decipher, decompile, disassemble or reverse engineer any of the software used to provide the Server or Services;
    * **(l)** Interfere with, or attempt to interfere with, the access of any user, host or network, including, without limitation, sending a virus, overloading, flooding, spamming, or mail-bombing the Server or Services; &#x20;
    * **(m)** Collect or store any personally identifiable, medical, or healthcare information from other users of the Server or the Services, members, or Third-Party Collaborators without their express permission;&#x20;
    * **(n)** Impersonate or misrepresent your affiliation with any wallet, person, organization, or entity;
    * **(o)** Use your membership, user, or Third-Party Collaborator status for  capital raising purposes (“**Capital Raising**”).  Capital Raising is defined as receiving funds from the sale of a MedDAO token, use of the Server, or the Services, where the primary purpose of sale is to raise capital for you or another party and not to obtain Services within the MedDAO Server or for MedDAO or a Third Party Collaborator; you acknowledge that any MedDAO token, funds from use of the Server or from use of the Services that you receive is solely for use within the MedDAO Protocol or a Third Party Collaborator and not for speculative purposes.&#x20;
    * **(p)** Associate a digital asset wallet or account to more than one identity or multiple identities to more than one wallet or account, unless otherwise agreed to by MedDAO in writing;&#x20;
    * **(q)** Violate any applicable law or regulation;
    * **(r)** Wrap or modify by any means any NFT or token issued by MedDAO; or
    * **(s)** Encourage or enable any other individual to do any of the foregoing;\
      \
      MedDAO is not obligated to monitor access to or use of the Server or the Services or to review or edit any content or to monitor any NFT, MedDAO token, or other assets. However, we have the right to do so for the purpose of operating the Services and the Server, to ensure compliance with these Terms and to comply with applicable law or other legal requirements. We reserve the right, but are not obligated, to remove or disable access to any NFT or other MedDAO user, member, or Third-Party Collaborator\
      \
      Content interacting with the Services or the Server at any time and without notice, including, but not limited to, if we, at our sole discretion, consider it objectionable or in violation of these Terms.  If you believe we have taken any action in error, you may contact us at [help@meddao.xyz](mailto:help@meddao.xyz). We have the right to investigate violations of these Terms or conduct that affects the Services or the Server. We may also consult and cooperate with law enforcement authorities concerning users who violate the law.&#x20;
11. **Termination.**
    * **(a)** MedDAO may update the status of your NFT, your membership status, eligibility as a user, eligibility as a Third-Party Collaborator, or suspend or terminate your access or rights to use the Services or the Server at any time for any breach of the terms of this Agreement. Upon termination of your access or rights to use the Services, your right to access and use the Services will immediately cease. MedDAO will not have any liability whatsoever to you for any suspension or termination of your rights under these Terms, including for termination of your account or revocation of eligibility status, NFT, or ability to use the Server or the Services. If you have registered for an account or NFT, you may seek to terminate the Services and/or burn the NFT (thereby terminating any verification Services) at any time by contacting MedDAO and requesting termination.
    * **(b)** Upon termination of the Services, any provisions of these Terms that by their nature should survive termination shall remain in full force and effect. This includes, without limitation, ownership of intellectual property provisions, warranty disclaimers, and limitations of liability. Termination of your access to and use of the Services shall not relieve you of any obligations arising or accruing prior to termination or limit any liability that you otherwise may have to MedDAO or any third party.
12. **Warranty Disclaimers.**\
    ****THE SERVICES AND USE OF THE SERVER ARE PROVIDED “AS IS” and “AS AVAILABLE” WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND. USE OF THE SERVICES IS AT YOUR OWN RISK. TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING, WE EXPLICITLY DISCLAIM ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, QUIET ENJOYMENT AND NON-INFRINGEMENT, AND ANY WARRANTIES ARISING OUT OF COURSE OF DEALING OR USAGE OF TRADE. WE MAKE NO WARRANTY THAT THE SERVICES WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS OR BE AVAILABLE ON AN UNINTERRUPTED, SECURE, OR ERROR-FREE BASIS. WE MAKE NO WARRANTY REGARDING THE QUALITY, ACCURACY, TIMELINESS, TRUTHFULNESS, COMPLETENESS OR RELIABILITY OF ANY INFORMATION OR CONTENT ON THE SERVICES. \
    \
    MEDDAO WILL NOT BE RESPONSIBLE OR LIABLE TO YOU FOR ANY LOSS AND TAKES NO RESPONSIBILITY FOR, AND WILL NOT BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR, ANY USE OF THE SERVICES, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO ANY LOSSES, DAMAGES OR CLAIMS ARISING FROM: (I) USER ERROR SUCH AS FORGOTTEN PASSWORDS, INCORRECTLY CONSTRUCTED TRANSACTIONS, OR MISTYPED WALLET ADDRESSES; (II) SERVER FAILURE OR DATA LOSS; (III) CRYPTOCURRENCY WALLETS OR CORRUPT FILES; (IV) UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO SERVICES; OR (V) ANY THIRD PARTY ACTIVITIES, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION THE USE OF VIRUSES, PHISHING, BRUTEFORCING OR OTHER MEANS OF ATTACK AGAINST ANY BLOCKCHAIN NETWORK UNDERLYING THE SERVICES. \
    \
    By accessing and using the Services and the Server, you represent that you understand the inherent risks associated with using cryptographic and blockchain-based systems, and that you have a working knowledge of the usage and intricacies of digital assets such as bitcoin (BTC), ether (ETH), and other digital tokens such as those following the Ethereum Token Standard (e.g., ERC-20 and ERC-721), IBC, or other configurations. You further understand that the markets for these digital assets are highly volatile due to factors including (but not limited to) adoption, speculation, technology, security, and regulation. You acknowledge that the cost and speed of transacting with cryptographic and blockchain-based systems such as Ethereum, Bitcoin, Optimism, Arbitrum, or Solana (by way of illustration only and not by way of limitation) are variable and may increase or decrease (in terms of cost and/or speed of transaction) at any time. You understand that access to, functionality of, and continued operation of the cryptographic and blockchain-based systems are completely outside of our control. You further acknowledge the risk that your digital assets may lose some or all of their value while they are supplied to or from the Services or the Server and/or interact with any of them. You further acknowledge that we are not responsible for any of these variables or risks and cannot be held liable for any resulting losses that you experience while accessing Services or the Server or using the the Services or the Server. Accordingly, you understand and agree to assume full responsibility for all of the risks of accessing and using and interacting with the Services or the Server.&#x20;
13. &#x20;**Indemnity.**\
    ****You will indemnify and hold MedDAO and its members, officers, directors, employees and agents, harmless from and against any claims, disputes, demands, liabilities, damages, losses, and costs and expenses, including, without limitation, reasonable legal and accounting fees arising out of or in any way connected with (a) your access to or use of the Services, the Server, any MedDAO token, digital asset, or any NFT or (b) your violation of these Terms.
14. **Limitation of Liability.**
    * **(a)** TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, NEITHER MEDDAO NOR ITS SERVICE PROVIDERS INVOLVED IN CREATING, PRODUCING, OR DELIVERING THE SERVICES WILL BE LIABLE FOR ANY INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, OR DAMAGES FOR LOST PROFITS, LOST REVENUES, LOST SAVINGS, LOST BUSINESS OPPORTUNITY, LOSS OF DATA OR GOODWILL, SERVICE INTERRUPTION, COMPUTER DAMAGE OR SYSTEM FAILURE OR THE COST OF SUBSTITUTE SERVICES OF ANY KIND ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THESE TERMS OR FROM THE USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE THE SERVICES, WHETHER BASED ON WARRANTY, CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), PRODUCT LIABILITY OR ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY, AND WHETHER OR NOT MEDDAO OR ITS SERVICE PROVIDERS HAS BEEN INFORMED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE, EVEN IF A LIMITED REMEDY SET FORTH HEREIN IS FOUND TO HAVE FAILED OF ITS ESSENTIAL PURPOSE.
    * **(b)** TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY THE LAW OF THE APPLICABLE JURISDICTION, IN NO EVENT WILL MEDDAO’S TOTAL LIABILITY ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THESE TERMS OR FROM THE USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE THE SERVICES EXCEED THE AMOUNTS YOU HAVE PAID OR ARE PAYABLE BY YOU TO MEDDAO FOR USE OF THE SERVICES OR ONE HUNDRED DOLLARS ($100), IF YOU HAVE NOT HAD ANY PAYMENT OBLIGATIONS TO MEDDAO, AS APPLICABLE. &#x20;
15. **Governing Law and Forum Choice.** These Terms and any action related thereto will be governed by the Federal Arbitration Act, federal arbitration law, and the substantive and procedural laws of the state of Delaware, without regard to its conflict of laws provisions. Except as otherwise expressly set forth in Section 16 “Dispute Resolution,” the exclusive jurisdiction for all Disputes (defined below) that you and MedDAO are not required to arbitrate will be the state and federal courts located in New York, and you and MedDAO each waive any objection to jurisdiction and venue in such courts.
16. **Dispute Resolution.**  Please read the following arbitration agreement in this Section carefully. It requires you to arbitrate disputes with MedDAO and limits the manner in which you can seek relief from us.
    * **(a) Mandatory Arbitration of Disputes.** We each agree that any dispute, claim or controversy arising out of or relating to these Terms, the Server, the Services, any MedDAO token, NFT, or the breach, termination, enforcement, interpretation or validity thereof or the use of the Services (collectively, “Disputes”) will be resolved not in court and not by a judge nor by a jury, but solely by binding, individual arbitration and not in a class, representative or consolidated action or proceeding. You and MedDAO agree that the U.S. Federal Arbitration Act governs the interpretation and enforcement of these Terms, and that you and MedDAO are each waiving the right to a trial by jury, bench trial (trial by a judge) or to participate in a class action. This arbitration provision shall survive termination of these Terms.
    * **(b) Exceptions**. **** As limited exceptions to Section 16(a) above: (i) either you or MedDAO may seek to resolve a Dispute in small claims court if it qualifies in the jurisdiction wherein it was brought; (ii) we each retain the right to seek injunctive or other equitable relief from a court to prevent (or enjoin) the infringement or misappropriation of our intellectual property rights; and (iii) as set forth in Section 16(e).
    * **(c) Conducting Arbitration and Arbitration Rules**. The arbitration will be conducted by the American Arbitration Association (“AAA”) under its Consumer Arbitration Rules (the “AAA Rules”) then in effect, except as modified by these Terms. The AAA Rules are available at [www.adr.org](http://www.adr.org/) or by calling 1-800-778-7879. A party who wishes to start arbitration must submit a written Demand for Arbitration to AAA and give notice to the other party as specified in the AAA Rules. The AAA provides forms for Demand for Arbitration [here](https://www.adr.org/Most-Viewed-Forms).\
      \
      _**Any arbitration hearings will take place in the county (or parish) where you live, unless we both agree to a different location.**_ The parties agree that the arbitrator shall have exclusive authority to decide all issues relating to the formation, interpretation, applicability, enforceability and scope of this arbitration agreement, including but not limited to any claim that this arbitration agreement is void or voidable.
    * **(d) Arbitration Costs**. Payment of all filing, administration and arbitrator fees will be governed by the AAA Rules, and we won’t seek to recover the administration and arbitrator fees we are responsible for paying, unless the arbitrator finds your Dispute frivolous. If we prevail in arbitration we’ll pay all of our attorneys’ fees and costs and won’t seek to recover them from you. If you prevail in arbitration you will be entitled to an award of attorneys’ fees and expenses to the extent provided under applicable law.
    * **(e) Injunctive and Declaratory Relief**. Except as provided in Section 16(b) above, the arbitrator shall determine all issues of liability on the merits of any claim asserted by either party and may award declaratory or injunctive relief only in favor of the individual party seeking relief and only to the extent necessary to provide relief warranted by that party’s individual claim. _To the extent that you or we prevail on a claim and seek public injunctive relief (that is, injunctive relief that has the primary purpose and effect of prohibiting unlawful acts that threaten future injury to the public), the entitlement to and extent of such relief must be litigated in a civil court of competent jurisdiction and not in arbitration._ The parties agree that litigation of any issues of public injunctive relief shall be stayed pending the outcome of the merits of any individual claims in arbitration.&#x20;
    * **(f) Class Action Waiver. YOU AND MEDDAO AGREE THAT EACH MAY BRING CLAIMS AGAINST THE OTHER ONLY IN YOUR OR ITS INDIVIDUAL CAPACITY, AND NOT AS A PLAINTIFF OR CLASS MEMBER IN ANY PURPORTED CLASS OR REPRESENTATIVE PROCEEDING.** Further, if the parties’ Dispute is resolved through arbitration, the arbitrator may not consolidate another person’s claims with your claims, and may not otherwise preside over any form of a representative or class proceeding. If this specific provision is found to be unenforceable, then the entirety of this Dispute Resolution section shall be null and void.
    * **(g) Severability**. If an arbitrator or court of competent jurisdiction decides that any part of these Terms is invalid or unenforceable, the other parts of these Terms will still apply.&#x20;
17. **General Terms.**
    * **(a) Reservation of Rights**. MedDAO and its licensors, members, users, and Third-Party Collaborators exclusively own all right, title and interest in and to the Services and Servers, including all associated intellectual property rights. You acknowledge that the Services are protected by copyright, trademark, and other laws of the United States and foreign countries. You agree not to remove, alter or obscure any copyright, trademark, service mark or other proprietary rights notices incorporated in or accompanying the Services.
    * **(b) Entire Agreement**. These Terms and the Privacy Policy constitute the entire and exclusive understanding and agreement between MedDAO and you regarding the Services, and these Terms supersede and replace all prior oral or written understandings or agreements between MedDAO and you regarding the Services. If any provision of these Terms or the Privacy Policy is held invalid or unenforceable by an arbitrator or a court of competent jurisdiction, that provision will be enforced to the maximum extent permissible and the other provisions of these Terms and the Privacy Policy will remain in full force and effect. You may not assign or transfer these Terms, by operation of law or otherwise, without MedDAO’s prior written consent. Any attempt by you to assign or transfer these Terms, without such consent, will be null. MedDAO may freely assign or transfer these Terms without restriction. Subject to the foregoing, these Terms and the Privacy Policy will bind and inure to the benefit of the parties, their successors and permitted assigns. Except as otherwise provided herein, these Terms and the Privacy Policy are intended solely for the benefit of the parties and are not intended to confer third party beneficiary rights upon any other person or entity.
    * **(c) Notices**. Any notices or other communications provided by MedDAO under these Terms will be given: (i) via email; or (ii) by posting to the Services. For notices made by email, the date of receipt will be deemed the date on which such notice is transmitted.
    * **(d) Waiver of Rights**. MedDAO’s failure to enforce any right or provision of these Terms will not be considered a waiver of such right or provision. The waiver of any such right or provision will be effective only if in writing and signed by a duly authorized representative of MedDAO. Except as expressly set forth in these Terms, the exercise by either party of any of its remedies under these Terms will be without prejudice to its other remedies under these Terms or otherwise.
18. **Contact Information.**\
    ****If you have any questions about these Terms or the Services, please contact MedDAO at: [help@meddao.xyz](mailto:help@meddao.xyz)
